add entry-point articles for products (#590)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-mac/features/features.md

[General](/adguard-for-mac/features/general.md)

## Filters

Here you learn how you can customize your ad blocking by enabling different filter lists, including language-specific filters, third-party filters, and user rules.

[Filters](/adguard-for-mac/features/filters.md)

## DNS

Here you can find the DNS protection settings: available providers, filters, Blocklist and Allowlist functions.

[DNS](/adguard-for-mac/features/dns.md)

## Stealth Mode

[Stealth Mode](/adguard-for-mac/features/stealth.md)

Information on how to set up advanced protection by deleting cookies, UTM tags, online counters, and analytics systems, and not allowing websites to collect your IP address, device and browser parameters, search queries, and personal information.

## Security

It includes settings to protect you from phishing and malware. You can also help AdGuard update its database of known threats by agreeing to send anonymous security-related information.

[Security](/adguard-for-mac/features/security.md)

## Browser Assistant

Information on how to manage AdGuard protection directly from the browser.

[Browser Assistant](/adguard-for-mac/features/browser-assistant.md)

## Extensions

> Here you’ll how to use AdGuard as a user script manager to extend the functionality of websites. You can add your own scripts as well as manage existing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you’ll how to use AdGuard as a userscript manager to extend the functionality of websites. You can add your own scripts as well as manage existing ones.
```
